anger	annoy
sadness	mourn
fear	dread
surprise	confound
anger	grate
sadness	regret that
joy	be lucky that
joy	desire
sadness	depress
trust	count on
anticipation	prepare for
surprise	startle
trust	trust
fear	scare
surprise	confuse
joy	be happy about
disgust	disdain
anger	fret about
surprise	be flabbergast that
fear	be apprehensive about
disgust	abhor
sadness	pine for
anger	torment
trust	trust that
surprise	amaze
anticipation	hope for
anger	be angry that
anger	infuriate
disgust	deplore
joy	relish
fear	be anxious that
joy	comfort
anticipation	be intent on
anger	aggravate
anticipation	hope for
anger	provoke
anticipation	be curious about
fear	worry
anticipation	hunger for
trust	charm
fear	concern
disgust	shun
surprise	puzzle
surprise	surprise
sadness	regret
anger	sting
sadness	be sad that
disgust	horrify
surprise	be bewilder that
surprise	shock
trust	be reassure that
joy	fulfill
sadness	be unhappy about
joy	excite
joy	satisfy
anticipation	aspire to
disgust	repel
anticipation	predict
sadness	grieve that
fear	be scared of
anticipation	forecast that
fear	be frightened that
anger	be angry about
anticipation	crave
anticipation	long for
sadness	worry about
fear	unnerve
anticipation	yearn for
joy	impress
joy	be ecstatic that
sadness	mourn that
anger	inflame
fear	spook
joy	delight
joy	calm
surprise	baffle
anger	irk
anger	outrage
disgust	hate
anger	frustrate
disgust	disgust
surprise	be stun that
fear	intimidate
disgust	dislike
anticipation	be hopeful that
anticipation	intrigue
fear	terrify
joy	be elate that
joy	enjoy
anger	be angry with
fear	be afraid that
anger	irritate
fear	rattle
surprise	boggle
sadness	devastate
anger	rankle
sadness	be unhappy about
joy	amuse
anticipation	foresee
anger	enrage
sadness	upset
anger	be incense that
trust	rely on
anger	scorn
anger	insult
sadness	be unhappy that
fear	be scared that
joy	entertain
disgust	be ashamed of
joy	be proud of
anger	be irate that
surprise	stagger
joy	enjoy that
joy	be thrill that
joy	be happy about
anger	vex
trust	take comfort in
fear	fear that
fear	frighten
joy	savor
joy	be enthusiastic about
anticipation	await
disgust	despise
anticipation	covet
fear	be anxious about
anticipation	aspire
anticipation	ache for
trust	count on
anger	afflict
joy	be satisfy that
anticipation	forecast
disgust	shame
sadness	displease
fear	be scare that
anticipation	expect
joy	take pleasure in
joy	arouse
joy	rejoice
sadness	be sadden that
trust	reassure
joy	be mad about
fear	fear
anticipation	predict that
anticipation	await
anger	harass
fear	be afraid of
fear	be nervous about
anticipation	be curious about
anticipation	look forward to
anticipation	anticipate
anger	bother
disgust	loathe
anticipation	look forward to
joy	soothe
sadness	agonize over
anticipation	expect that
disgust	alienate
anticipation	be eager for
surprise	be amaze that
joy	cheer
joy	please
anger	disturb
joy	be proud of
anger	be angry at
anger	offend
joy	thrill
anticipation	prepare for
surprise	wow
surprise	stun
sadness	be disappoint that
fear	be terrify that
sadness	disappoint
joy	captivate
